README.md, before:

# Logo Generator

Empower your web development journey with our SVG logo generator, the ultimate tool for designing unique and stunning logos effortlessly without the need for a graphic designer. Save time and money while maintaining full creative control over your brand's visual identity.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Description

The Logo Generator project is a powerful tool designed to simplify the process of creating detailed and professional Logos for Web development projects. Developed using JavaScript and Node.js, this command-line application offers a seamless user experience, enabling developers to effortlessly generate Logos by providing using a wide range of customizable shapes, colors, text options and more. With support for Hexidecimal color codes and svg formatting, users can easily tailor their logos to meet the unique requirements of their Web Development projects. By automating the creation of logos, this tool streamlines the logo design process, allowing developers to focus their time and energy on coding and project development. Whether you're a seasoned Web developer or just starting out, the logo generator empowers you to create professional and visually appealing logos for your projects effortlessly.

## Features

- **Command-line Interface**: 
    - Provides a user-friendly command-line interface for easy interaction.
- **Dynamic Input**: 
    - Prompts users to input project details such as title, description, installation instructions, usage guidelines, etc
- **Templates**: 
    - Offers predefined templates to suit their project's needs.
- **Markdown Support**: 
    - Supports Markdown formatting for enhanced readability and presentation of project information.
- **File Generation**: 
    - Automatically generates a README file based on the provided input and chosen template.
- **Error Handling**: 
    - Implements robust error handling to gracefully manage unexpected inputs or errors during the generation process.
- **Dependency Management**: 
    - Utilizes Node.js package management for easy installation and maintenance of project dependencies.
- **Extensibility**:
    - Designed with a modular architecture to facilitate future enhancements and additions of new features.

## Installation

To use the README Generator, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone the README Generator repository to your local machine using Git.
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/readme-generator.git
   ```
2. **Navigate to the Project Directory**: Change your current directory to the README Generator project directory.
    ```bash
    cd readme-generator
    ```
3. **Verify npm Installation**: If Node.js is installed, this command will display its version number. If not, you need to install Node.js from the official website.
    ```bash
    node --version
    ```
4. **Install Dependencies**: Install the required dependencies using npm (Node Package Manager).
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
5. **Verify**: To verify that you have installed the correct node package (Inquirer 8.2.4) Please use this command.
    ```bash
    npm ls inquirer
    ```
Once you've completed these steps, you're all set up to use the README Generator for your projects!

## Usage

1. **Navigate to the Project Directory**: Change your current directory to the README Generator project directory.
    ```bash
    cd readme-generator
    ```
2. **Run the Application**: Execute the application by running the following command and follow the prompts to provide project information.
    ```bash
    node index.js
    ```
3. **Generated README**: Once you have completed the input process, the application will generate a README file in the project directory based on the provided information.
4. **Verify**: Verify the README.md file for your project was created. Navigate to the directory and look for the README.md file. 

Now you're all set up to start using the README Generator for all your projects!

## Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the README Generator project. At this time, we are not accepting contributions.

We appreciate your understanding and support!

## License

This project is proprietary and all rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying, distribution, or use of this software is strictly prohibited.

## Tests

No Tests are available at this time.

## Questions

If you have any questions or need assistance with the README Generator, feel free to reach out:

- **GitHub Profile**: [Your GitHub Profile](https://github.com/yourusername)
  Please visit my GitHub profile for additional information and projects.

- **Email**: your.email@example.com
  You can also contact me via email if you have any inquiries or feedback.

Commit message:

Added installation and usage for Readme.md

README.md, after:

# Logo Generator

Empower your web development journey with our SVG logo generator, the ultimate tool for designing unique and stunning logos effortlessly without the need for a graphic designer. Save time and money while maintaining full creative control over your brand's visual identity.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Description

The Logo Generator project is a powerful tool designed to simplify the process of creating detailed and professional Logos for Web development projects. Developed using JavaScript and Node.js, this command-line application offers a seamless user experience, enabling developers to effortlessly generate Logos by providing using a wide range of customizable shapes, colors, text options and more. With support for Hexidecimal color codes and svg formatting, users can easily tailor their logos to meet the unique requirements of their Web Development projects. By automating the creation of logos, this tool streamlines the logo design process, allowing developers to focus their time and energy on coding and project development. Whether you're a seasoned Web developer or just starting out, the logo generator empowers you to create professional and visually appealing logos for your projects effortlessly.

## Features

- **Command-line Interface**: 
    - Provides a user-friendly command-line interface for easy interaction.
- **Dynamic Input**: 
    - Prompts users to input project details such as title, description, installation instructions, usage guidelines, etc
- **Templates**: 
    - Offers predefined templates to suit their project's needs.
- **Markdown Support**: 
    - Supports Markdown formatting for enhanced readability and presentation of project information.
- **File Generation**: 
    - Automatically generates a README file based on the provided input and chosen template.
- **Error Handling**: 
    - Implements robust error handling to gracefully manage unexpected inputs or errors during the generation process.
- **Dependency Management**: 
    - Utilizes Node.js package management for easy installation and maintenance of project dependencies.
- **Extensibility**:
    - Designed with a modular architecture to facilitate future enhancements and additions of new features.

## Installation

To use the Logo Generator, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone the README Generator repository to your local machine using Git.
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/logo-generator.git
   ```
2. **Navigate to the Project Directory**: Change your current directory to the Logo Generator project directory.
    ```bash
    cd logo-generator
    ```
3. **Verify npm Installation**: If Node.js is installed, this command will display its version number. If not, you need to install Node.js from the official website.
    ```bash
    node --version
    ```
4. **Install Dependencies**: Install the required dependencies using npm (Node Package Manager).
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
5. **Verify**: To verify that you have installed the correct node package (Inquirer 8.2.4) Please use this command.
    ```bash
    npm ls inquirer
    ```
Once you've completed these steps, you're all set up to use the Logo Generator for your Web Development projects!

## Usage

1. **Navigate to the Project Directory**: Change your current directory to the Logo Generator project directory.
    ```bash
    cd logo-generator
    ```
2. **Run the Application**: Execute the application by running the following command and follow the prompts to provide project information.
    ```bash
    node index.js
    ```
3. **Generated Logo**: Once you have completed the input process, the application will generate a logo.svg file in the project directory based on the provided information.
4. **Verify**: Verify the logo.svg file for your project was created. Navigate to the directory and look for the logo.svg file. 

Now you're all set up to start using the Logo Generator for all your projects!

## Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Logo Generator project. At this time, we are not accepting contributions.

We appreciate your understanding and support!

## License

This project is proprietary and all rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying, distribution, or use of this software is strictly prohibited.

## Tests

No Tests are available at this time.

## Questions

If you have any questions or need assistance with the Logo Generator, feel free to reach out:

- **GitHub Profile**: [Your GitHub Profile](https://github.com/yourusername)
  Please visit my GitHub profile for additional information and projects.

- **Email**: your.email@example.com
  You can also contact me via email if you have any inquiries or feedback.
